Protocol Design

1. 	Types of Messages
	
	1.1 User Authentication
		The first set of messages sent from the client server is a user e-mail and password. The server verifies this information and sends an acknowledgement back to the client. If the authentication information is valid, the server opens or creates a user file for the corresponding client account and the client invalid, the server closes the client socket connection and the client also closes its socket.

	1.2 Menu
		Each time the client inputs an options to the menu, the client server sends a message containing the chosen option to the server. 

	1.3 View All Available Slots
		When a user selects this menu option, the server sends the client a message containing a list of dates to choose from. To this, the client sends a message containing the chosen date the client would like to see the available time slots for. After the server checks the availability of all time slots, it compiles a message containing all available time slots on the given date to send back to the client. 

	1.4 Delete Slots
		After the server checks the availability of all time slots, it compiles a message containing time slots for the given date that have already been booked to send back to the client or "All slots open", which means no time slots have been booked on the given date. If time slots have been booked, the client will send a message containing one of those time slots to the server, and it will delete the corresponding time slot from the client's file. The server finally sends an acknowledgement message to the client to verify the deletion.

	1.5 View Available Time Slots for Another User
		The client first sends the server a message containing the name of the user the client wants to see the availability for. The server opens or creates a new record file for this user. The server sends a list of dates and the client subsequently sends back a message containing the date he/she would like to see the availability for the specified user. The server compiles a list of unbooked time slots for that day and sends it back to the client. 

	1.6 Book a Meeting
		For this menu option, the client receives a message containing a list of dates to choose from, and the client server responds with a message containing a date from the list. The server creates and sends a message with the available time slots for the client's chosen date and waits for a message from the client containing one of those time slots. If the time slot is valid, the server books the slot o the client's record and sends and acknowledgement back to the client.

	1.7 Book a Meeting for a List of Attendees
		To book a meeting for a list of attendees, the client server first sends a message with a list of attendees for the meeting. The server compiles a list of dates for the client, and the client responds with a date message and a time frame for the meeting. Given this date and time frame, the server checks if all attendees are available furing the time frame. If the time frame is available, the client will receive and "OK" acknowledgement and sends a confirmation that he/she wants to book the time frame. Once the server books the time frame to all attendee records, it sends the client a success acknowledgement. If the time frame is not available, the client receives and "Unavailable" acknowledgement. 

	1.8 Exit
		If the client would like to exit the application, the server sends the client an acknowledgement that it has been notified that the client would like to end the connection. Both servers then closes its sockets. 

2. 	Format of Messages
	The messages exchanged between the server and client are readable English. 